Varnishize (#2)
allenai/varnish-mui: docs/data/material/varnish/colors/colors.md

---
title: Varnish Colors
githubLabel: 'varnish: colors'
---

# Colors

<p class="description">Official AI2 Colors.</p>

> What colors should you use on your site? You could use any of these colors, eg. `theme.color.N9`.
> But if you are styling something that exists semantically in the theme.palette,
> we suggest using the palette, eg. `theme.palette.primary.main`. This has 2 advantages; 1) the code
> is more readable, 2) AI2 can change the palette colors without altering dozens of places in every
> code base.

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure your site looks polished and consistent with AI2's broader brand, try to stick using the colors
expressed here.

You can refer to these colors in two ones. Either explicitly via a reference like `theme.color.N9`, or via
a semantic name attached to the `palette` API: `theme.palette.primary.main`. The latter is preferred, as
it means your UI will be updated if AI2's broader brand guidelines and change what the `primary` cluster
is.

```

## Examples

### Direct Usage

You can use a Varnish color via the theme.
eg: `theme.color.B6`

{{"demo": "DefaultDemo.tsx", "bg": true}}

### Palette Usage

You can also access common Varnish colors via the MUI theme palette.

eg: `theme.palette.primary.main`

{{"demo": "PaletteDemo.tsx", "bg": true}}

### Text Contrast

Each color defined by Varnish has a `useContrastText` boolean attached to it. If `true`, and the

> color is used as the `background` of an element, we suggest setting the text color to
> white for readability.

Author: ```suggestion
color is used as the `background` of an element, we suggest inverting the text color for readability.
```

Sometimes white might not work great, and we'll want a slightly different shade. The API might need some fine tuning to support this LT, i.e. `contrastTextColor`, or something.

Reviewer: yes... as of today, we dont have these set... but we should, yes!

{{"demo": "ContrastDemo.tsx", "bg": true}}

## Primary Colors

{{"demo": "PrimaryColorValues.tsx", "bg": true, "hideToolbar": true}}

## Extended Colors

{{"demo": "ExtendedColorValues.tsx", "bg": true, "hideToolbar": true}}

## Charting Colors

{{"demo": "LightCategoricalColorValues.tsx", "bg": true, "hideToolbar": true}}

> {{"demo": "DarkCategoricalColorValues.tsx", "bg": true, "hideToolbar": true}}

Author: Should you explain briefly that these is an extended collection of colors for displaying graphs / charts?

Reviewer: will do

---
title: Varnish Colors
githubLabel: 'varnish: colors'
---

# Colors

<p class="description">Official AI2 Colors.</p>

To ensure your site looks polished and consistent with AI2's broader brand, try to stick using the colors
expressed here.

> You can refer to these colors in two ones. Either explicitly via a reference like `theme.color.N9`, or via

Author: ```suggestion
You can refer to these colors in two ways. Either explicitly via a reference like `theme.color.N9`, or via
```

> a semantic name attached to the `palette` API: `theme.palette.primary.main`. The latter is preferred, as

Author: ```suggestion
a semantic name attached to the `palette` API, i.e. `theme.palette.primary.main`. The latter is preferred, as
```
